could you take us to where all the most
expensive cars are supercars are the
most luxurious cars and it turns out the
Arabic billionaires fly their cars to
London when they visit during summer
obviously we could never afford a
supercar but we've always wanted to know
what it's like sick meme so while we're
in London we decided to try to convince
owners to take us for a joyride the gas
station here when they all refill their
gas it's gonna be a squatting that
yup the method
Turpin you think there's any way I could
let go around the block with you like in
the car you're very busy okay
thank you my god he looks pissed hey man
you really pissed off can I sit in your
car
hi men are you doing and I'm trying to
get convinced one car in her - give me
just a like a drive around the block I
just want to sit in like next to you I
don't want to drive it I just want to
sit in one and unfortunately I am a very
busy with a smile though hello sir how
you doing no I was like hello sir nope
we're secret weapon right here's a lot
of them are rich Arabs how to look
sketchy
stand on street corners and stare fancy
cars quick quick quick quick
you just get a ride no this guy's I'm
gonna try and ask him
you're gonna go just come yeah
[Music]
accident
hey man how's it going my name is amar
what's your name
wait Malik nice to meet you man we have
this crazy idea of hitchhiking and nice
cars around London and I was wondering
if I could get a ride into view cuz we
have a beautiful time no your car okay
it's all good
have a good night guys hey man how's it
going
I was wondering if there's any way I can
just get a ride with you
animosity alright he's busy this is the
second Lamborghini that we failed on so
we're just gonna have to we're gonna
have to step up this game this is
another very popular spot for exotic
cars in London I already see something
chrome dude look at that car go Ferrari
[Music]
everywhere everyone is snapping photos
it's crazy I feel I'm about to ask my
wife to marry me you want it so bad and
you don't want to get rejected the owner
of this car yeah he's a kickboxer I
think he's the guy with this thick
leather jacket the guy's massive yeah
hey man how's it going
he's fans yeah if the fryer is yours
right man okay so there's any way I can
just come with you make your I then film
it from the inside as you drive no way
no we did it
donor who just said yes is the 3400
undefeated and first-ever Arabic world
kickboxing champion hey Arden Eleazar
[Music]
nice dude what a nice guy
even if you've been told no a thousand
times in the end it's the one yes that
counts see you on our next adventure
[Music]